what up peeps what's good man it's a boy
t come back got some NBA live news with
you guys we have some West all-stars
East all-stars patch update news to turn
on your console you get the jerseys when
you get the patch and you make sure you
download the patch on when you play
station 4 or your xbox one and you'll
get these updated jerseys or the updated
court you'll get updated rosters we even
have an option back and go to starting
lineups and if you guys want to bring in
and act with players down low you can
bring in anybody and access and on the
west is where the inactive players
actually are so I'm gonna go back over
to West
starting lineups they have that option
we can go back and pick you an extra guy
so if he were bringing your favorite
cobia Blake Griffin to add these guys to
your arsenal players here you can
actually bring those guys back alright
cool so that's gonna happen with the
game so far so we got the NBA all-star
game and the courts have been updated
everything has been updated pretty much
so if you look here you see everything
the names the back to jerseys first last
name and uh yeah so I'm gonna go ahead
run around with steph curry for a little
bit and show you guys just you know
what's they're gonna hit the shot but
anyway go ahead press Start go back to
you play just go back to staff you'll
see jerseys right here everything is he
got the Warriors logo on here being
flexible skating yes like not answer
scandals
jerseys and put them in a game so
right here is everything and the
colorways to on the shoes I've seen that
has been improved like cheap industry I
saw the right Howard she was earlier in
his colorways fix like crazy because of
color ways sometimes we're off
especially with those like mustard
ketchup and mustard color that I shoes
for the Eastern markets and those shoes
would be accessed notion to be anybody
on everybody with any jersey so if I was
the ultimate team motor fibers dynasty
mode no she's beyond that guy the White
House also let's go and let's go look at
a few things I've noticed that changed
since I've been planning day like 15
okay another thing I've also noticed is
in the NBA live learn area you can't
play with like the injured players the
engine guys will be going like there's
no way you can access the injured guy in
a scrimmage but now as you see
as you can see i'm gonna go ahead and xs
and go play and the scrimmage real quick
go 5v5 and practice and we're gonna see
what's going to happen we're gonna see
exactly what we're going to access I
mean this is the thing that I've always
preached to the guys over at the team EA
is that we just gotta get those players
back in the game we gotta get the
players the star players I mean that's
what's gonna make the game fun
especially it's about a very easy thing
to uh to have a game like realistic and
we know it's realistic you know no no
problems but to have that option to be
inactive is always good but as you can
see we have trees making this debuted in
the scrimmage more so call George I've
never seen Paul George in this game and
scrimmage mode like you have no option
to access this guy but right now EAS
patch has unlocked used for the injured
players like Steve Nash you see right
here you see Steve Nash you see kobe
bryant even julius round nose back if
you go back to the inactive you can
actually activate him as well so it's
another thing i want to show you you got
booze right here so i mean i got like
just our cars in here man it's pretty
cool so I'm not actually glad to see
that so far you Paul George man's or
Kobe Bryant fans or whoever you're a fan
of that's injured you will be able to
access their player without going
through any dynasty modes or any
complications to do so so you don't have
to do all that complicated rap or go
back gets to the replay you can see this
is trees in the game right now got got
my man creasing the game
I mean he's there so that's another
thing i want to show you guys oh my
favorite thing is to get those enacted
guys back on the on the roster so we got
Jesus running Nash and Colby so I mean
imagine what the team would be like if
you're playing against somebody IC card
singers ring around the lens what is
this overall 757 even with boobs now
because it was injury hey Davis the
design too much black turkey lake so I'm
gonna stick tark black there and then
the brain kohli back let me get rid of
somebody see
try to figure out who we keep it okay so
Kelly I really don't need tell me
whatever he's all right no hating on him
shall I break oh baby too
Jake the sacral dealer Sakura sector 68
overall she visited a bit of Davis's hey
David saw join here I someone wrong fees
guys so now as you can see you can get
these guys back now these guys are they
these guys are available I crunk about
this and now it's back and let's go
ahead and do this though so as you can
see everybody's back so that's what i'm
saying so this is the one of the big
things that really matter you can use
whoever you want to use you don't have
to dude you don't have to be subject to
to use the scrubs you know you can poke
their star player if you're good going
friends house if you're kicking it with
your homeboy the homegirl whatever you
wanna do nature which people alright but
anyway I'm go go ahead and cut this
video short don't forget to subscribe
like comment leave your precious below
about the patch how do you feel about
the things acting an active option being
put back on the game colorways in the
shoes being fixed and all that kind of
stuff anyway I'm out deuces